1. HOME

1.1 The "add topic" should be on the top of the debates not in the bottom.
1.2 When I write VS in capital it should say write VS in small letter or it should not be case sensitive.
1.3 When I successfully add a topic it should show in the top of the list.
1.4 When I add a topic then its debate should directly open.


2. DASHBOARD
2.1 After I login into my account my account profile photo is not shown properly.


3. DEBATE
3.1 When the page loads it is already scrolled a little.
3.2 When I like a message its number goes from 0 to 1 then I click it again and it goes from 1 to 0 but when I am liking a reply message it is going from 0 to 1 and if I click it again it goes from 1 to 2 not 0.
3.3 When i add something in add a photo in a add new question segment then this still says no file chosen, it should then say add more file.


4. GUIDELINES
4.1 The breadcrumb "Home > Guidelines" does not work.
4.2 There is mix of languages Hindi and English, either it should be even or there should be a button for translation.
4.3 There is indentation issue in longer lines.


5. FAQ
5.1 The breadcrumb "Home > FAQ" not working.

6. PRIVACY POLICY 
6.1 There is no breadcrumb in this page.

7. CONTACT US
7.1 The breadcrumb "Home > Contact Us" not working.
7.2 Clicking on the hyperlink "debateManch@gmail.com" just opens a new empty tab in chrome. It should copy the mail.
7.3 The Name text box should not take special characters
7.4 There should be word limit to all the input boxes as there requirements.
7.5 When I enter name click enter it goes to email but when I enter email and click enter the cursor goes to message box and not subject box.
7.6 Except email the input boxes accepts spaces for every input.
7.7 Subject input box should not be optional make it compulsory.

8. ADMIN DASHBOARD - DEBATES
8.1 When I edit/delete anything the message of "topic updated/deleted successfully" show very late.



9. ADMIN DASHBOARD - QUESTIONS
9.1 The questions does not show the person has types in who's support.

10. ADMIN DASHBOARD - ANALYTICS
10.1 The numbering of questions are not correct.

